# CS_300
DSA: Analysis and Design
Thomas Bartlett
8/18/2022

For the projects in this course, the problem to solve was what data structure would be best to use for a program that is to store course information and then be able to sort, search, and show this information. When looking at the projects, how I made the determination was based on looking at three data structures (vectors, hash tables, and binary search trees) and comparing the performance of each structure. It is important to understand the data structures, because basing your decision soley on the Big O performance does not always lead you to the most appropriate data structure. Looking at what the program is being asked to do, what the program may be required to do in the future, and taking in consideration the maintainablity of the data structure all play an important part. I didn't hit some road blocks in the beggining of the course, but was able to look at examples of similar code and also tutorials on the data structures and how to set them up, and as the class went on, I knew to go to these resources before starting the activity. Doing this helped me get a deeper understanding of the data structure I was working with. This project definitely helped me understand the importance of looking at the requirements and choosing the apporpriate data structure to be able to produce the best version of a program. Seeing how the code used in the activities we did was easily transferrable to the project and able to be reused (even though the activities were dealing with ID's that were numeric, and the project had ID's that were alphanumeric) it showed me that by creating a good base structure, you set yourself up to be able to have code that you can use in multiple applications.
